!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.8	//
BOLD_FADE_PERCENTAGE	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private static final float BOLD_FADE_PERCENTAGE = 0.05f;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
BaseSampleActivity	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/BaseSampleActivity.java	/^public abstract class BaseSampleActivity extends FragmentActivity {$/;"	c
Bottom	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^        Bottom(0), Top(1);$/;"	e	enum:TitlePageIndicator.LinePosition	file:
CONTENT	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsDefault.java	/^    private static final String[] CONTENT = new String[] { "Recent", "Artists", "Albums", "Songs", "Playlists", "Genres" };$/;"	f	class:SampleTabsDefault	file:
CONTENT	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsStyled.java	/^    private static final String[] CONTENT = new String[] { "Recent", "Artists", "Albums", "Songs", "Playlists", "Genres" };$/;"	f	class:SampleTabsStyled	file:
CONTENT	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsWithIcons.java	/^    private static final String[] CONTENT = new String[] { "Calendar", "Camera", "Alarms", "Location" };$/;"	f	class:SampleTabsWithIcons	file:
CONTENT	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/TestFragmentAdapter.java	/^    protected static final String[] CONTENT = new String[] { "This", "Is", "A", "Test", };$/;"	f	class:TestFragmentAdapter
CREATOR	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^        public static final Parcelable.Creator<SavedState> CREATOR = new Parcelable.Creator<SavedState>() {$/;"	f	class:CirclePageIndicator.SavedState
CREATOR	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^        public static final Parcelable.Creator<SavedState> CREATOR = new Parcelable.Creator<SavedState>() {$/;"	f	class:LinePageIndicator.SavedState
CREATOR	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^        public static final Parcelable.Creator<SavedState> CREATOR = new Parcelable.Creator<SavedState>() {$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator.SavedState
CREATOR	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^        public static final Creator<SavedState> CREATOR = new Creator<SavedState>() {$/;"	f	class:UnderlinePageIndicator.SavedState
CirclePageIndicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public CirclePageIndicator(Context context) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
CirclePageIndicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public CirclePageIndicator(Context context, AttributeSet attrs) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
CirclePageIndicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public CirclePageIndicator(Context context, AttributeSet attrs, int defStyle) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
CirclePageIndicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^public class CirclePageIndicator extends View implements PageIndicator {$/;"	c
EMPTY_TITLE	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    private static final CharSequence EMPTY_TITLE = "";$/;"	f	class:TabPageIndicator	file:
EMPTY_TITLE	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private static final String EMPTY_TITLE = "";$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
FADE_FRAME_MS	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    private static final int FADE_FRAME_MS = 30;$/;"	f	class:UnderlinePageIndicator	file:
GoogleMusicAdapter	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsDefault.java	/^        public GoogleMusicAdapter(FragmentManager fm) {$/;"	m	class:SampleTabsDefault.GoogleMusicAdapter
GoogleMusicAdapter	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsDefault.java	/^    class GoogleMusicAdapter extends FragmentPagerAdapter {$/;"	c	class:SampleTabsDefault
GoogleMusicAdapter	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsStyled.java	/^        public GoogleMusicAdapter(FragmentManager fm) {$/;"	m	class:SampleTabsStyled.GoogleMusicAdapter
GoogleMusicAdapter	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsStyled.java	/^    class GoogleMusicAdapter extends FragmentPagerAdapter {$/;"	c	class:SampleTabsStyled
GoogleMusicAdapter	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsWithIcons.java	/^        public GoogleMusicAdapter(FragmentManager fm) {$/;"	m	class:SampleTabsWithIcons.GoogleMusicAdapter
GoogleMusicAdapter	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsWithIcons.java	/^    class GoogleMusicAdapter extends FragmentPagerAdapter implements IconPagerAdapter {$/;"	c	class:SampleTabsWithIcons
ICONS	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsWithIcons.java	/^    private static final int[] ICONS = new int[] {$/;"	f	class:SampleTabsWithIcons	file:
ICONS	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/TestFragmentAdapter.java	/^    protected static final int[] ICONS = new int[] {$/;"	f	class:TestFragmentAdapter
INVALID_POINTER	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    private static final int INVALID_POINTER = -1;$/;"	f	class:CirclePageIndicator	file:
INVALID_POINTER	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    private static final int INVALID_POINTER = -1;$/;"	f	class:LinePageIndicator	file:
INVALID_POINTER	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private static final int INVALID_POINTER = -1;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
INVALID_POINTER	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    private static final int INVALID_POINTER = -1;$/;"	f	class:UnderlinePageIndicator	file:
IconPageIndicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IconPageIndicator.java	/^    public IconPageIndicator(Context context) {$/;"	m	class:IconPageIndicator
IconPageIndicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IconPageIndicator.java	/^    public IconPageIndicator(Context context, AttributeSet attrs) {$/;"	m	class:IconPageIndicator
IconPageIndicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IconPageIndicator.java	/^public class IconPageIndicator extends HorizontalScrollView implements PageIndicator {$/;"	c
IconPagerAdapter	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IconPagerAdapter.java	/^public interface IconPagerAdapter {$/;"	i
IcsLinearLayout	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IcsLinearLayout.java	/^    public IcsLinearLayout(Context context, int themeAttr) {$/;"	m	class:IcsLinearLayout
IcsLinearLayout	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IcsLinearLayout.java	/^class IcsLinearLayout extends LinearLayout {$/;"	c
IndicatorStyle	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^        private IndicatorStyle(int value) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator.IndicatorStyle	file:
IndicatorStyle	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public enum IndicatorStyle {$/;"	g	class:TitlePageIndicator
KEY_CONTENT	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/TestFragment.java	/^    private static final String KEY_CONTENT = "TestFragment:Content";$/;"	f	class:TestFragment	file:
LL	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IcsLinearLayout.java	/^    private static final int[] LL = new int[] {$/;"	f	class:IcsLinearLayout	file:
LL_DIVIDER	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IcsLinearLayout.java	/^    private static final int LL_DIVIDER = 0;$/;"	f	class:IcsLinearLayout	file:
LL_DIVIDER_PADDING	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IcsLinearLayout.java	/^    private static final int LL_DIVIDER_PADDING = 2;$/;"	f	class:IcsLinearLayout	file:
LL_SHOW_DIVIDER	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IcsLinearLayout.java	/^    private static final int LL_SHOW_DIVIDER = 1;$/;"	f	class:IcsLinearLayout	file:
LinePageIndicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public LinePageIndicator(Context context) {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
LinePageIndicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public LinePageIndicator(Context context, AttributeSet attrs) {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
LinePageIndicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public LinePageIndicator(Context context, AttributeSet attrs, int defStyle) {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
LinePageIndicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^public class LinePageIndicator extends View implements PageIndicator {$/;"	c
LinePosition	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^        private LinePosition(int value) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator.LinePosition	file:
LinePosition	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public enum LinePosition {$/;"	g	class:TitlePageIndicator
ListSamples	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/ListSamples.java	/^public class ListSamples extends ListActivity {$/;"	c
NAME_COMPARATOR	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/ListSamples.java	/^    private final static Comparator<Map<String, Object>> NAME_COMPARATOR =$/;"	f	class:ListSamples	file:
None	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^        None(0), Triangle(1), Underline(2);$/;"	e	enum:TitlePageIndicator.IndicatorStyle	file:
OnCenterItemClickListener	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public interface OnCenterItemClickListener {$/;"	i	class:TitlePageIndicator
OnTabReselectedListener	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    public interface OnTabReselectedListener {$/;"	i	class:TabPageIndicator
PageIndicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/PageIndicator.java	/^public interface PageIndicator extends ViewPager.OnPageChangeListener {$/;"	i
RANDOM	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/BaseSampleActivity.java	/^    private static final Random RANDOM = new Random();$/;"	f	class:BaseSampleActivity	file:
SELECTION_FADE_PERCENTAGE	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private static final float SELECTION_FADE_PERCENTAGE = 0.25f;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
SampleCirclesDefault	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleCirclesDefault.java	/^public class SampleCirclesDefault extends BaseSampleActivity {$/;"	c
SampleCirclesInitialPage	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleCirclesInitialPage.java	/^public class SampleCirclesInitialPage extends BaseSampleActivity {$/;"	c
SampleCirclesSnap	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleCirclesSnap.java	/^public class SampleCirclesSnap extends BaseSampleActivity {$/;"	c
SampleCirclesStyledLayout	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleCirclesStyledLayout.java	/^public class SampleCirclesStyledLayout extends BaseSampleActivity {$/;"	c
SampleCirclesStyledMethods	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleCirclesStyledMethods.java	/^public class SampleCirclesStyledMethods extends BaseSampleActivity {$/;"	c
SampleCirclesStyledTheme	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleCirclesStyledTheme.java	/^public class SampleCirclesStyledTheme extends BaseSampleActivity {$/;"	c
SampleCirclesWithListener	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleCirclesWithListener.java	/^public class SampleCirclesWithListener extends BaseSampleActivity {$/;"	c
SampleIconsDefault	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleIconsDefault.java	/^public class SampleIconsDefault extends BaseSampleActivity {$/;"	c
SampleLinesDefault	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleLinesDefault.java	/^public class SampleLinesDefault extends BaseSampleActivity {$/;"	c
SampleLinesStyledLayout	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleLinesStyledLayout.java	/^public class SampleLinesStyledLayout extends BaseSampleActivity {$/;"	c
SampleLinesStyledMethods	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleLinesStyledMethods.java	/^public class SampleLinesStyledMethods extends BaseSampleActivity {$/;"	c
SampleLinesStyledTheme	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleLinesStyledTheme.java	/^public class SampleLinesStyledTheme extends BaseSampleActivity {$/;"	c
SampleTabsDefault	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsDefault.java	/^public class SampleTabsDefault extends FragmentActivity {$/;"	c
SampleTabsStyled	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsStyled.java	/^public class SampleTabsStyled extends FragmentActivity {$/;"	c
SampleTabsWithIcons	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsWithIcons.java	/^public class SampleTabsWithIcons extends FragmentActivity {$/;"	c
SampleTitlesBottom	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesBottom.java	/^public class SampleTitlesBottom extends BaseSampleActivity {$/;"	c
SampleTitlesCenterClickListener	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesCenterClickListener.java	/^public class SampleTitlesCenterClickListener extends BaseSampleActivity implements OnCenterItemClickListener {$/;"	c
SampleTitlesDefault	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesDefault.java	/^public class SampleTitlesDefault extends BaseSampleActivity {$/;"	c
SampleTitlesInitialPage	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesInitialPage.java	/^public class SampleTitlesInitialPage extends BaseSampleActivity {$/;"	c
SampleTitlesStyledLayout	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesStyledLayout.java	/^public class SampleTitlesStyledLayout extends BaseSampleActivity {$/;"	c
SampleTitlesStyledMethods	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesStyledMethods.java	/^public class SampleTitlesStyledMethods extends BaseSampleActivity {$/;"	c
SampleTitlesStyledTheme	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesStyledTheme.java	/^public class SampleTitlesStyledTheme extends BaseSampleActivity {$/;"	c
SampleTitlesTriangle	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesTriangle.java	/^public class SampleTitlesTriangle extends BaseSampleActivity {$/;"	c
SampleTitlesWithListener	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesWithListener.java	/^public class SampleTitlesWithListener extends BaseSampleActivity {$/;"	c
SampleUnderlinesDefault	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleUnderlinesDefault.java	/^public class SampleUnderlinesDefault extends BaseSampleActivity {$/;"	c
SampleUnderlinesNoFade	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleUnderlinesNoFade.java	/^public class SampleUnderlinesNoFade extends BaseSampleActivity {$/;"	c
SampleUnderlinesStyledLayout	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleUnderlinesStyledLayout.java	/^public class SampleUnderlinesStyledLayout extends BaseSampleActivity {$/;"	c
SampleUnderlinesStyledMethods	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleUnderlinesStyledMethods.java	/^public class SampleUnderlinesStyledMethods extends BaseSampleActivity {$/;"	c
SampleUnderlinesStyledTheme	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleUnderlinesStyledTheme.java	/^public class SampleUnderlinesStyledTheme extends BaseSampleActivity {$/;"	c
SavedState	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^        private SavedState(Parcel in) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator.SavedState	file:
SavedState	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^        public SavedState(Parcelable superState) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator.SavedState
SavedState	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    static class SavedState extends BaseSavedState {$/;"	c	class:CirclePageIndicator
SavedState	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^        private SavedState(Parcel in) {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator.SavedState	file:
SavedState	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^        public SavedState(Parcelable superState) {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator.SavedState
SavedState	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    static class SavedState extends BaseSavedState {$/;"	c	class:LinePageIndicator
SavedState	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^        private SavedState(Parcel in) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator.SavedState	file:
SavedState	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^        public SavedState(Parcelable superState) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator.SavedState
SavedState	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    static class SavedState extends BaseSavedState {$/;"	c	class:TitlePageIndicator
SavedState	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^        private SavedState(Parcel in) {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator.SavedState	file:
SavedState	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^        public SavedState(Parcelable superState) {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator.SavedState
SavedState	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    static class SavedState extends BaseSavedState {$/;"	c	class:UnderlinePageIndicator
TabPageIndicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    public TabPageIndicator(Context context) {$/;"	m	class:TabPageIndicator
TabPageIndicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    public TabPageIndicator(Context context, AttributeSet attrs) {$/;"	m	class:TabPageIndicator
TabPageIndicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^public class TabPageIndicator extends HorizontalScrollView implements PageIndicator {$/;"	c
TabView	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^        public TabView(Context context) {$/;"	m	class:TabPageIndicator.TabView
TabView	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    private class TabView extends TextView {$/;"	c	class:TabPageIndicator
TestFragment	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/TestFragment.java	/^public final class TestFragment extends Fragment {$/;"	c
TestFragmentAdapter	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/TestFragmentAdapter.java	/^    public TestFragmentAdapter(FragmentManager fm) {$/;"	m	class:TestFragmentAdapter
TestFragmentAdapter	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/TestFragmentAdapter.java	/^class TestFragmentAdapter extends FragmentPagerAdapter implements IconPagerAdapter {$/;"	c
TitlePageIndicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public TitlePageIndicator(Context context) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
TitlePageIndicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public TitlePageIndicator(Context context, AttributeSet attrs) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
TitlePageIndicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public TitlePageIndicator(Context context, AttributeSet attrs, int defStyle) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
TitlePageIndicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^public class TitlePageIndicator extends View implements PageIndicator {$/;"	c
Top	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^        Bottom(0), Top(1);$/;"	e	enum:TitlePageIndicator.LinePosition	file:
Triangle	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^        None(0), Triangle(1), Underline(2);$/;"	e	enum:TitlePageIndicator.IndicatorStyle	file:
Underline	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^        None(0), Triangle(1), Underline(2);$/;"	e	enum:TitlePageIndicator.IndicatorStyle	file:
UnderlinePageIndicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    public UnderlinePageIndicator(Context context) {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator
UnderlinePageIndicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    public UnderlinePageIndicator(Context context, AttributeSet attrs) {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator
UnderlinePageIndicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    public UnderlinePageIndicator(Context context, AttributeSet attrs, int defStyle) {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator
UnderlinePageIndicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^public class UnderlinePageIndicator extends View implements PageIndicator {$/;"	c
activityIntent	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/ListSamples.java	/^    protected Intent activityIntent(String pkg, String componentName) {$/;"	m	class:ListSamples
addItem	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/ListSamples.java	/^    protected void addItem(List<Map<String, Object>> data, String name, Intent intent) {$/;"	m	class:ListSamples
addTab	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    private void addTab(int index, CharSequence text, int iconResId) {$/;"	m	class:TabPageIndicator	file:
animateToIcon	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IconPageIndicator.java	/^    private void animateToIcon(final int position) {$/;"	m	class:IconPageIndicator	file:
animateToTab	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    private void animateToTab(final int position) {$/;"	m	class:TabPageIndicator	file:
browseIntent	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/ListSamples.java	/^    protected Intent browseIntent(String path) {$/;"	m	class:ListSamples
calcBounds	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private Rect calcBounds(int index, Paint paint) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
calculateAllBounds	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private ArrayList<Rect> calculateAllBounds(Paint paint) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
clipViewOnTheLeft	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private void clipViewOnTheLeft(Rect curViewBound, float curViewWidth, int left) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
clipViewOnTheRight	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private void clipViewOnTheRight(Rect curViewBound, float curViewWidth, int right) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
com.viewpagerindicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IconPageIndicator.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IconPagerAdapter.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IcsLinearLayout.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/PageIndicator.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/BaseSampleActivity.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/ListSamples.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleCirclesDefault.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleCirclesInitialPage.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleCirclesSnap.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleCirclesStyledLayout.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleCirclesStyledMethods.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleCirclesStyledTheme.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleCirclesWithListener.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleIconsDefault.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleLinesDefault.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleLinesStyledLayout.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleLinesStyledMethods.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleLinesStyledTheme.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsDefault.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsStyled.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsWithIcons.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesBottom.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesCenterClickListener.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesDefault.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesInitialPage.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesStyledLayout.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesStyledMethods.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesStyledTheme.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesTriangle.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesWithListener.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleUnderlinesDefault.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleUnderlinesNoFade.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleUnderlinesStyledLayout.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleUnderlinesStyledMethods.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleUnderlinesStyledTheme.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/TestFragment.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
com.viewpagerindicator.sample	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/TestFragmentAdapter.java	/^package com.viewpagerindicator.sample;$/;"	p
currentPage	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^        int currentPage;$/;"	f	class:CirclePageIndicator.SavedState
currentPage	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^        int currentPage;$/;"	f	class:LinePageIndicator.SavedState
currentPage	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^        int currentPage;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator.SavedState
currentPage	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^        int currentPage;$/;"	f	class:UnderlinePageIndicator.SavedState
drawDividersHorizontal	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IcsLinearLayout.java	/^    private void drawDividersHorizontal(Canvas canvas) {$/;"	m	class:IcsLinearLayout	file:
drawDividersVertical	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IcsLinearLayout.java	/^    private void drawDividersVertical(Canvas canvas) {$/;"	m	class:IcsLinearLayout	file:
drawHorizontalDivider	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IcsLinearLayout.java	/^    private void drawHorizontalDivider(Canvas canvas, int top) {$/;"	m	class:IcsLinearLayout	file:
drawVerticalDivider	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IcsLinearLayout.java	/^    private void drawVerticalDivider(Canvas canvas, int left) {$/;"	m	class:IcsLinearLayout	file:
fromValue	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^        public static IndicatorStyle fromValue(int value) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator.IndicatorStyle
fromValue	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^        public static LinePosition fromValue(int value) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator.LinePosition
getClipPadding	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public float getClipPadding() {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
getCount	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IconPagerAdapter.java	/^    int getCount();$/;"	m	interface:IconPagerAdapter
getCount	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsDefault.java	/^        public int getCount() {$/;"	m	class:SampleTabsDefault.GoogleMusicAdapter
getCount	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsStyled.java	/^        public int getCount() {$/;"	m	class:SampleTabsStyled.GoogleMusicAdapter
getCount	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsWithIcons.java	/^        public int getCount() {$/;"	m	class:SampleTabsWithIcons.GoogleMusicAdapter
getCount	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/TestFragmentAdapter.java	/^    public int getCount() {$/;"	m	class:TestFragmentAdapter
getData	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/ListSamples.java	/^    protected List<Map<String, Object>> getData(String prefix) {$/;"	m	class:ListSamples
getFadeDelay	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    public int getFadeDelay() {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator
getFadeLength	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    public int getFadeLength() {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator
getFades	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    public boolean getFades() {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator
getFillColor	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public int getFillColor() {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
getFooterColor	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public int getFooterColor() {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
getFooterIndicatorHeight	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public float getFooterIndicatorHeight() {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
getFooterIndicatorPadding	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public float getFooterIndicatorPadding() {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
getFooterIndicatorStyle	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public IndicatorStyle getFooterIndicatorStyle() {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
getFooterLineHeight	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public float getFooterLineHeight() {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
getGapWidth	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public float getGapWidth() {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
getIconResId	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IconPagerAdapter.java	/^    int getIconResId(int index);$/;"	m	interface:IconPagerAdapter
getIconResId	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsWithIcons.java	/^        @Override public int getIconResId(int index) {$/;"	m	class:SampleTabsWithIcons.GoogleMusicAdapter
getIconResId	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/TestFragmentAdapter.java	/^    public int getIconResId(int index) {$/;"	m	class:TestFragmentAdapter
getIndex	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^        public int getIndex() {$/;"	m	class:TabPageIndicator.TabView
getItem	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsDefault.java	/^        public Fragment getItem(int position) {$/;"	m	class:SampleTabsDefault.GoogleMusicAdapter
getItem	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsStyled.java	/^        public Fragment getItem(int position) {$/;"	m	class:SampleTabsStyled.GoogleMusicAdapter
getItem	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsWithIcons.java	/^        public Fragment getItem(int position) {$/;"	m	class:SampleTabsWithIcons.GoogleMusicAdapter
getItem	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/TestFragmentAdapter.java	/^    public Fragment getItem(int position) {$/;"	m	class:TestFragmentAdapter
getLinePosition	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public LinePosition getLinePosition() {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
getLineWidth	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public float getLineWidth() {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
getOrientation	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public int getOrientation() {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
getPageColor	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public int getPageColor() {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
getPageTitle	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsDefault.java	/^        public CharSequence getPageTitle(int position) {$/;"	m	class:SampleTabsDefault.GoogleMusicAdapter
getPageTitle	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsStyled.java	/^        public CharSequence getPageTitle(int position) {$/;"	m	class:SampleTabsStyled.GoogleMusicAdapter
getPageTitle	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsWithIcons.java	/^        public CharSequence getPageTitle(int position) {$/;"	m	class:SampleTabsWithIcons.GoogleMusicAdapter
getPageTitle	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/TestFragmentAdapter.java	/^    public CharSequence getPageTitle(int position) {$/;"	m	class:TestFragmentAdapter
getRadius	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public float getRadius() {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
getSelectedColor	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public int getSelectedColor() {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
getSelectedColor	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public int getSelectedColor() {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
getSelectedColor	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    public int getSelectedColor() {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator
getStrokeColor	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public int getStrokeColor() {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
getStrokeWidth	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public float getStrokeWidth() {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
getStrokeWidth	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public float getStrokeWidth() {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
getTextColor	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public int getTextColor() {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
getTextSize	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public float getTextSize() {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
getTitle	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private CharSequence getTitle(int i) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
getTitlePadding	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public float getTitlePadding() {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
getTopPadding	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public float getTopPadding() {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
getTypeface	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public Typeface getTypeface() {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
getUnselectedColor	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public int getUnselectedColor() {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
hasDividerBeforeChildAt	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IcsLinearLayout.java	/^    private boolean hasDividerBeforeChildAt(int childIndex) {$/;"	m	class:IcsLinearLayout	file:
isCentered	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public boolean isCentered() {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
isCentered	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public boolean isCentered() {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
isSelectedBold	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public boolean isSelectedBold() {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
isSnap	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public boolean isSnap() {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
mActivePointerId	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    private int mActivePointerId = INVALID_POINTER;$/;"	f	class:CirclePageIndicator	file:
mActivePointerId	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    private int mActivePointerId = INVALID_POINTER;$/;"	f	class:LinePageIndicator	file:
mActivePointerId	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private int mActivePointerId = INVALID_POINTER;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mActivePointerId	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    private int mActivePointerId = INVALID_POINTER;$/;"	f	class:UnderlinePageIndicator	file:
mAdapter	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/BaseSampleActivity.java	/^    TestFragmentAdapter mAdapter;$/;"	f	class:BaseSampleActivity
mBoldText	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private boolean mBoldText;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mBounds	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private final Rect mBounds = new Rect();$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mCenterItemClickListener	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private OnCenterItemClickListener mCenterItemClickListener;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mCentered	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    private boolean mCentered;$/;"	f	class:CirclePageIndicator	file:
mCentered	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    private boolean mCentered;$/;"	f	class:LinePageIndicator	file:
mClipPadding	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private float mClipPadding;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mColorSelected	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private int mColorSelected;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mColorText	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private int mColorText;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mContent	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/TestFragment.java	/^    private String mContent = "???";$/;"	f	class:TestFragment	file:
mCount	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/TestFragmentAdapter.java	/^    private int mCount = CONTENT.length;$/;"	f	class:TestFragmentAdapter	file:
mCurrentPage	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    private int mCurrentPage;$/;"	f	class:CirclePageIndicator	file:
mCurrentPage	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    private int mCurrentPage;$/;"	f	class:LinePageIndicator	file:
mCurrentPage	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private int mCurrentPage = -1;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mCurrentPage	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    private int mCurrentPage;$/;"	f	class:UnderlinePageIndicator	file:
mDivider	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IcsLinearLayout.java	/^    private Drawable mDivider;$/;"	f	class:IcsLinearLayout	file:
mDividerHeight	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IcsLinearLayout.java	/^    private int mDividerHeight;$/;"	f	class:IcsLinearLayout	file:
mDividerPadding	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IcsLinearLayout.java	/^    private int mDividerPadding;$/;"	f	class:IcsLinearLayout	file:
mDividerWidth	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IcsLinearLayout.java	/^    private int mDividerWidth;$/;"	f	class:IcsLinearLayout	file:
mFadeBy	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    private int mFadeBy;$/;"	f	class:UnderlinePageIndicator	file:
mFadeDelay	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    private int mFadeDelay;$/;"	f	class:UnderlinePageIndicator	file:
mFadeLength	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    private int mFadeLength;$/;"	f	class:UnderlinePageIndicator	file:
mFadeRunnable	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    private final Runnable mFadeRunnable = new Runnable() {$/;"	f	class:UnderlinePageIndicator	file:
mFades	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    private boolean mFades;$/;"	f	class:UnderlinePageIndicator	file:
mFooterIndicatorHeight	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private float mFooterIndicatorHeight;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mFooterIndicatorStyle	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private IndicatorStyle mFooterIndicatorStyle;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mFooterIndicatorUnderlinePadding	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private float mFooterIndicatorUnderlinePadding;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mFooterLineHeight	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private float mFooterLineHeight;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mFooterPadding	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private float mFooterPadding;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mGapWidth	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    private float mGapWidth;$/;"	f	class:LinePageIndicator	file:
mIconSelector	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IconPageIndicator.java	/^    private Runnable mIconSelector;$/;"	f	class:IconPageIndicator	file:
mIconsLayout	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IconPageIndicator.java	/^    private final IcsLinearLayout mIconsLayout;$/;"	f	class:IconPageIndicator	file:
mIndex	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^        private int mIndex;$/;"	f	class:TabPageIndicator.TabView	file:
mIndicator	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/BaseSampleActivity.java	/^    PageIndicator mIndicator;$/;"	f	class:BaseSampleActivity
mIsDragging	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    private boolean mIsDragging;$/;"	f	class:CirclePageIndicator	file:
mIsDragging	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    private boolean mIsDragging;$/;"	f	class:LinePageIndicator	file:
mIsDragging	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private boolean mIsDragging;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mIsDragging	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    private boolean mIsDragging;$/;"	f	class:UnderlinePageIndicator	file:
mLastMotionX	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    private float mLastMotionX = -1;$/;"	f	class:CirclePageIndicator	file:
mLastMotionX	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    private float mLastMotionX = -1;$/;"	f	class:LinePageIndicator	file:
mLastMotionX	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private float mLastMotionX = -1;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mLastMotionX	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    private float mLastMotionX = -1;$/;"	f	class:UnderlinePageIndicator	file:
mLinePosition	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private LinePosition mLinePosition;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mLineWidth	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    private float mLineWidth;$/;"	f	class:LinePageIndicator	file:
mListener	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    private ViewPager.OnPageChangeListener mListener;$/;"	f	class:CirclePageIndicator	file:
mListener	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IconPageIndicator.java	/^    private OnPageChangeListener mListener;$/;"	f	class:IconPageIndicator	file:
mListener	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    private ViewPager.OnPageChangeListener mListener;$/;"	f	class:LinePageIndicator	file:
mListener	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    private ViewPager.OnPageChangeListener mListener;$/;"	f	class:TabPageIndicator	file:
mListener	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private ViewPager.OnPageChangeListener mListener;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mListener	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    private ViewPager.OnPageChangeListener mListener;$/;"	f	class:UnderlinePageIndicator	file:
mMaxTabWidth	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    private int mMaxTabWidth;$/;"	f	class:TabPageIndicator	file:
mOrientation	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    private int mOrientation;$/;"	f	class:CirclePageIndicator	file:
mPageOffset	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    private float mPageOffset;$/;"	f	class:CirclePageIndicator	file:
mPageOffset	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private float mPageOffset;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mPager	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/BaseSampleActivity.java	/^    ViewPager mPager;$/;"	f	class:BaseSampleActivity
mPaint	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    private final Paint mPaint = new Paint(Paint.ANTI_ALIAS_FLAG);$/;"	f	class:UnderlinePageIndicator	file:
mPaintFill	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    private final Paint mPaintFill = new Paint(ANTI_ALIAS_FLAG);$/;"	f	class:CirclePageIndicator	file:
mPaintFooterIndicator	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private final Paint mPaintFooterIndicator = new Paint();$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mPaintFooterLine	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private final Paint mPaintFooterLine = new Paint();$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mPaintPageFill	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    private final Paint mPaintPageFill = new Paint(ANTI_ALIAS_FLAG);$/;"	f	class:CirclePageIndicator	file:
mPaintSelected	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    private final Paint mPaintSelected = new Paint(Paint.ANTI_ALIAS_FLAG);$/;"	f	class:LinePageIndicator	file:
mPaintStroke	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    private final Paint mPaintStroke = new Paint(ANTI_ALIAS_FLAG);$/;"	f	class:CirclePageIndicator	file:
mPaintText	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private final Paint mPaintText = new Paint();$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mPaintUnselected	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    private final Paint mPaintUnselected = new Paint(Paint.ANTI_ALIAS_FLAG);$/;"	f	class:LinePageIndicator	file:
mPath	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private Path mPath = new Path();$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mPositionOffset	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    private float mPositionOffset;$/;"	f	class:UnderlinePageIndicator	file:
mRadius	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    private float mRadius;$/;"	f	class:CirclePageIndicator	file:
mScrollState	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    private int mScrollState;$/;"	f	class:CirclePageIndicator	file:
mScrollState	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private int mScrollState;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mScrollState	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    private int mScrollState;$/;"	f	class:UnderlinePageIndicator	file:
mSelectedIndex	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IconPageIndicator.java	/^    private int mSelectedIndex;$/;"	f	class:IconPageIndicator	file:
mSelectedTabIndex	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    private int mSelectedTabIndex;$/;"	f	class:TabPageIndicator	file:
mShowDividers	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IcsLinearLayout.java	/^    private int mShowDividers;$/;"	f	class:IcsLinearLayout	file:
mSnap	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    private boolean mSnap;$/;"	f	class:CirclePageIndicator	file:
mSnapPage	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    private int mSnapPage;$/;"	f	class:CirclePageIndicator	file:
mTabClickListener	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    private final OnClickListener mTabClickListener = new OnClickListener() {$/;"	f	class:TabPageIndicator	file:
mTabLayout	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    private final IcsLinearLayout mTabLayout;$/;"	f	class:TabPageIndicator	file:
mTabReselectedListener	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    private OnTabReselectedListener mTabReselectedListener;$/;"	f	class:TabPageIndicator	file:
mTabSelector	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    private Runnable mTabSelector;$/;"	f	class:TabPageIndicator	file:
mTitlePadding	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private float mTitlePadding;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mTopPadding	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private float mTopPadding;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mTouchSlop	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    private int mTouchSlop;$/;"	f	class:CirclePageIndicator	file:
mTouchSlop	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    private int mTouchSlop;$/;"	f	class:LinePageIndicator	file:
mTouchSlop	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private int mTouchSlop;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mTouchSlop	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    private int mTouchSlop;$/;"	f	class:UnderlinePageIndicator	file:
mViewPager	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    private ViewPager mViewPager;$/;"	f	class:CirclePageIndicator	file:
mViewPager	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IconPageIndicator.java	/^    private ViewPager mViewPager;$/;"	f	class:IconPageIndicator	file:
mViewPager	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    private ViewPager mViewPager;$/;"	f	class:LinePageIndicator	file:
mViewPager	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    private ViewPager mViewPager;$/;"	f	class:TabPageIndicator	file:
mViewPager	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    private ViewPager mViewPager;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator	file:
mViewPager	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    private ViewPager mViewPager;$/;"	f	class:UnderlinePageIndicator	file:
measureChildWithMargins	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IcsLinearLayout.java	/^    protected void measureChildWithMargins(View child, int parentWidthMeasureSpec, int widthUsed, int parentHeightMeasureSpec, int heightUsed) {$/;"	m	class:IcsLinearLayout
measureHeight	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    private int measureHeight(int measureSpec) {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator	file:
measureLong	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    private int measureLong(int measureSpec) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator	file:
measureShort	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    private int measureShort(int measureSpec) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator	file:
measureWidth	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    private int measureWidth(int measureSpec) {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator	file:
newInstance	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/TestFragment.java	/^    public static TestFragment newInstance(String content) {$/;"	m	class:TestFragment
notifyDataSetChanged	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public void notifyDataSetChanged() {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
notifyDataSetChanged	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IconPageIndicator.java	/^    public void notifyDataSetChanged() {$/;"	m	class:IconPageIndicator
notifyDataSetChanged	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void notifyDataSetChanged() {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
notifyDataSetChanged	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/PageIndicator.java	/^    void notifyDataSetChanged();$/;"	m	interface:PageIndicator
notifyDataSetChanged	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    public void notifyDataSetChanged() {$/;"	m	class:TabPageIndicator
notifyDataSetChanged	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public void notifyDataSetChanged() {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
notifyDataSetChanged	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void notifyDataSetChanged() {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator
onAttachedToWindow	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IconPageIndicator.java	/^    public void onAttachedToWindow() {$/;"	m	class:IconPageIndicator
onAttachedToWindow	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    public void onAttachedToWindow() {$/;"	m	class:TabPageIndicator
onCenterItemClick	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^        void onCenterItemClick(int position);$/;"	m	interface:TitlePageIndicator.OnCenterItemClickListener
onCenterItemClick	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesCenterClickListener.java	/^    public void onCenterItemClick(int position) {$/;"	m	class:SampleTitlesCenterClickListener
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/ListSamples.java	/^    public void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:ListSamples
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleCirclesDefault.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleCirclesDefault
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleCirclesInitialPage.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleCirclesInitialPage
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleCirclesSnap.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleCirclesSnap
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleCirclesStyledLayout.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleCirclesStyledLayout
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleCirclesStyledMethods.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleCirclesStyledMethods
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleCirclesStyledTheme.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleCirclesStyledTheme
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleCirclesWithListener.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleCirclesWithListener
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleIconsDefault.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleIconsDefault
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleLinesDefault.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleLinesDefault
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleLinesStyledLayout.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleLinesStyledLayout
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleLinesStyledMethods.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleLinesStyledMethods
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleLinesStyledTheme.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleLinesStyledTheme
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsDefault.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleTabsDefault
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsStyled.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleTabsStyled
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTabsWithIcons.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleTabsWithIcons
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesBottom.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleTitlesBottom
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesCenterClickListener.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleTitlesCenterClickListener
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesDefault.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleTitlesDefault
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesInitialPage.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleTitlesInitialPage
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesStyledLayout.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleTitlesStyledLayout
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesStyledMethods.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleTitlesStyledMethods
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesStyledTheme.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleTitlesStyledTheme
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesTriangle.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleTitlesTriangle
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleTitlesWithListener.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleTitlesWithListener
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleUnderlinesDefault.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleUnderlinesDefault
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleUnderlinesNoFade.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleUnderlinesNoFade
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleUnderlinesStyledLayout.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleUnderlinesStyledLayout
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleUnderlinesStyledMethods.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleUnderlinesStyledMethods
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/SampleUnderlinesStyledTheme.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SampleUnderlinesStyledTheme
onCreate	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/TestFragment.java	/^    public void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:TestFragment
onCreateOptionsMenu	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/BaseSampleActivity.java	/^    public boolean onCreateOptionsMenu(Menu menu) {$/;"	m	class:BaseSampleActivity
onCreateView	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/TestFragment.java	/^    public View onCreateView(LayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container, Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:TestFragment
onDetachedFromWindow	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IconPageIndicator.java	/^    public void onDetachedFromWindow() {$/;"	m	class:IconPageIndicator
onDetachedFromWindow	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    public void onDetachedFromWindow() {$/;"	m	class:TabPageIndicator
onDraw	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    protected void onDraw(Canvas canvas) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
onDraw	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IcsLinearLayout.java	/^    protected void onDraw(Canvas canvas) {$/;"	m	class:IcsLinearLayout
onDraw	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    protected void onDraw(Canvas canvas) {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
onDraw	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    protected void onDraw(Canvas canvas) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
onDraw	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    protected void onDraw(Canvas canvas) {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator
onListItemClick	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/ListSamples.java	/^    protected void onListItemClick(ListView l, View v, int position, long id) {$/;"	m	class:ListSamples
onMeasure	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    protected void onMeasure(int widthMeasureSpec, int heightMeasureSpec) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
onMeasure	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    protected void onMeasure(int widthMeasureSpec, int heightMeasureSpec) {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
onMeasure	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^        public void onMeasure(int widthMeasureSpec, int heightMeasureSpec) {$/;"	m	class:TabPageIndicator.TabView
onMeasure	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    public void onMeasure(int widthMeasureSpec, int heightMeasureSpec) {$/;"	m	class:TabPageIndicator
onMeasure	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    protected void onMeasure(int widthMeasureSpec, int heightMeasureSpec) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
onOptionsItemSelected	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/BaseSampleActivity.java	/^    public boolean onOptionsItemSelected(MenuItem item) {$/;"	m	class:BaseSampleActivity
onPageScrollStateChanged	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public void onPageScrollStateChanged(int state) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
onPageScrollStateChanged	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IconPageIndicator.java	/^    public void onPageScrollStateChanged(int arg0) {$/;"	m	class:IconPageIndicator
onPageScrollStateChanged	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void onPageScrollStateChanged(int state) {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
onPageScrollStateChanged	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    public void onPageScrollStateChanged(int arg0) {$/;"	m	class:TabPageIndicator
onPageScrollStateChanged	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public void onPageScrollStateChanged(int state) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
onPageScrollStateChanged	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void onPageScrollStateChanged(int state) {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator
onPageScrolled	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public void onPageScrolled(int position, float positionOffset, int positionOffsetPixels) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
onPageScrolled	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IconPageIndicator.java	/^    public void onPageScrolled(int arg0, float arg1, int arg2) {$/;"	m	class:IconPageIndicator
onPageScrolled	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void onPageScrolled(int position, float positionOffset, int positionOffsetPixels) {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
onPageScrolled	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    public void onPageScrolled(int arg0, float arg1, int arg2) {$/;"	m	class:TabPageIndicator
onPageScrolled	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public void onPageScrolled(int position, float positionOffset, int positionOffsetPixels) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
onPageScrolled	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void onPageScrolled(int position, float positionOffset, int positionOffsetPixels) {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator
onPageSelected	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public void onPageSelected(int position) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
onPageSelected	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IconPageIndicator.java	/^    public void onPageSelected(int arg0) {$/;"	m	class:IconPageIndicator
onPageSelected	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void onPageSelected(int position) {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
onPageSelected	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    public void onPageSelected(int arg0) {$/;"	m	class:TabPageIndicator
onPageSelected	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public void onPageSelected(int position) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
onPageSelected	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void onPageSelected(int position) {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator
onRestoreInstanceState	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public void onRestoreInstanceState(Parcelable state) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
onRestoreInstanceState	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void onRestoreInstanceState(Parcelable state) {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
onRestoreInstanceState	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public void onRestoreInstanceState(Parcelable state) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
onRestoreInstanceState	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void onRestoreInstanceState(Parcelable state) {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator
onSaveInstanceState	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public Parcelable onSaveInstanceState() {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
onSaveInstanceState	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public Parcelable onSaveInstanceState() {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
onSaveInstanceState	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public Parcelable onSaveInstanceState() {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
onSaveInstanceState	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    public Parcelable onSaveInstanceState() {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator
onSaveInstanceState	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/TestFragment.java	/^    public void onSaveInstanceState(Bundle outState) {$/;"	m	class:TestFragment
onTabReselected	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^        void onTabReselected(int position);$/;"	m	interface:TabPageIndicator.OnTabReselectedListener
onTouchEvent	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public boolean onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent ev) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
onTouchEvent	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public boolean onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent ev) {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
onTouchEvent	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public boolean onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent ev) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
onTouchEvent	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    public boolean onTouchEvent(MotionEvent ev) {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator
setCentered	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setCentered(boolean centered) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
setCentered	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setCentered(boolean centered) {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
setClipPadding	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setClipPadding(float clipPadding) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
setCount	sample/src/com/viewpagerindicator/sample/TestFragmentAdapter.java	/^    public void setCount(int count) {$/;"	m	class:TestFragmentAdapter
setCurrentItem	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setCurrentItem(int item) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
setCurrentItem	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IconPageIndicator.java	/^    public void setCurrentItem(int item) {$/;"	m	class:IconPageIndicator
setCurrentItem	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setCurrentItem(int item) {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
setCurrentItem	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/PageIndicator.java	/^    void setCurrentItem(int item);$/;"	m	interface:PageIndicator
setCurrentItem	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    public void setCurrentItem(int item) {$/;"	m	class:TabPageIndicator
setCurrentItem	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setCurrentItem(int item) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
setCurrentItem	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setCurrentItem(int item) {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator
setDividerDrawable	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IcsLinearLayout.java	/^    public void setDividerDrawable(Drawable divider) {$/;"	m	class:IcsLinearLayout
setFadeDelay	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setFadeDelay(int fadeDelay) {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator
setFadeLength	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setFadeLength(int fadeLength) {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator
setFades	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setFades(boolean fades) {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator
setFillColor	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setFillColor(int fillColor) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
setFooterColor	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setFooterColor(int footerColor) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
setFooterIndicatorHeight	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setFooterIndicatorHeight(float footerTriangleHeight) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
setFooterIndicatorPadding	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setFooterIndicatorPadding(float footerIndicatorPadding) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
setFooterIndicatorStyle	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setFooterIndicatorStyle(IndicatorStyle indicatorStyle) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
setFooterLineHeight	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setFooterLineHeight(float footerLineHeight) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
setGapWidth	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setGapWidth(float gapWidth) {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
setLinePosition	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setLinePosition(LinePosition linePosition) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
setLineWidth	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setLineWidth(float lineWidth) {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
setOnCenterItemClickListener	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setOnCenterItemClickListener(OnCenterItemClickListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
setOnPageChangeListener	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setOnPageChangeListener(ViewPager.OnPageChangeListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
setOnPageChangeListener	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IconPageIndicator.java	/^    public void setOnPageChangeListener(OnPageChangeListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:IconPageIndicator
setOnPageChangeListener	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setOnPageChangeListener(ViewPager.OnPageChangeListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
setOnPageChangeListener	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/PageIndicator.java	/^    void setOnPageChangeListener(ViewPager.OnPageChangeListener listener);$/;"	m	interface:PageIndicator
setOnPageChangeListener	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    public void setOnPageChangeListener(OnPageChangeListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:TabPageIndicator
setOnPageChangeListener	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setOnPageChangeListener(ViewPager.OnPageChangeListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
setOnPageChangeListener	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setOnPageChangeListener(ViewPager.OnPageChangeListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator
setOnTabReselectedListener	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    public void setOnTabReselectedListener(OnTabReselectedListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:TabPageIndicator
setOrientation	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setOrientation(int orientation) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
setPageColor	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setPageColor(int pageColor) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
setRadius	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setRadius(float radius) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
setSelectedBold	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setSelectedBold(boolean selectedBold) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
setSelectedColor	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setSelectedColor(int selectedColor) {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
setSelectedColor	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setSelectedColor(int selectedColor) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
setSelectedColor	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setSelectedColor(int selectedColor) {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator
setSnap	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setSnap(boolean snap) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
setStrokeColor	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setStrokeColor(int strokeColor) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
setStrokeWidth	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setStrokeWidth(float strokeWidth) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
setStrokeWidth	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setStrokeWidth(float lineHeight) {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
setTextColor	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setTextColor(int textColor) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
setTextSize	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setTextSize(float textSize) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
setTitlePadding	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setTitlePadding(float titlePadding) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
setTopPadding	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setTopPadding(float topPadding) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
setTypeface	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setTypeface(Typeface typeface) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
setUnselectedColor	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setUnselectedColor(int unselectedColor) {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
setViewPager	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setViewPager(ViewPager view) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
setViewPager	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setViewPager(ViewPager view, int initialPosition) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator
setViewPager	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IconPageIndicator.java	/^    public void setViewPager(ViewPager view) {$/;"	m	class:IconPageIndicator
setViewPager	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/IconPageIndicator.java	/^    public void setViewPager(ViewPager view, int initialPosition) {$/;"	m	class:IconPageIndicator
setViewPager	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setViewPager(ViewPager view, int initialPosition) {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
setViewPager	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setViewPager(ViewPager viewPager) {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator
setViewPager	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/PageIndicator.java	/^    void setViewPager(ViewPager view);$/;"	m	interface:PageIndicator
setViewPager	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/PageIndicator.java	/^    void setViewPager(ViewPager view, int initialPosition);$/;"	m	interface:PageIndicator
setViewPager	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    public void setViewPager(ViewPager view) {$/;"	m	class:TabPageIndicator
setViewPager	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java	/^    public void setViewPager(ViewPager view, int initialPosition) {$/;"	m	class:TabPageIndicator
setViewPager	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setViewPager(ViewPager view) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
setViewPager	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setViewPager(ViewPager view, int initialPosition) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator
setViewPager	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setViewPager(ViewPager view, int initialPosition) {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator
setViewPager	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^    public void setViewPager(ViewPager viewPager) {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator
value	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^        public final int value;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator.IndicatorStyle
value	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^        public final int value;$/;"	f	class:TitlePageIndicator.LinePosition
writeToParcel	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java	/^        public void writeToParcel(Parcel dest, int flags) {$/;"	m	class:CirclePageIndicator.SavedState
writeToParcel	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java	/^        public void writeToParcel(Parcel dest, int flags) {$/;"	m	class:LinePageIndicator.SavedState
writeToParcel	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java	/^        public void writeToParcel(Parcel dest, int flags) {$/;"	m	class:TitlePageIndicator.SavedState
writeToParcel	library/src/com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java	/^        public void writeToParcel(Parcel dest, int flags) {$/;"	m	class:UnderlinePageIndicator.SavedState
